Add Layout Route Example (#10011)
remix-run/react-router: docs/route/route.md

### Layout Routes

Omitting the path makes this route a "layout route". It participates in UI nesting, but it does not add any segments to the URL.

```tsx

>   <MemoryRouter initialEntries={["/"]}>
>     <Routes>
>       <Route
>         element={
>           <div>
>             <h1>Layout</h1>
>             <Outlet />
>           </div>
>         }
>       >
>         <Route path="/home" element={<h1>Home</h1>} />
>       </Route>
>       <Route index element={<h1>Index</h1>} />
>     </Routes>
>   </MemoryRouter>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Route
  element={
    <div>
      <h1>Layout</h1>
      <Outlet />
    </div>
  }
>
  <Route path="/" element={<h2>Home</h2>} />
  <Route path="/about" element={<h2>About</h2>} />
</Route>
```
This can be simplified to cover just an example of a layout route. It doesn't need to be the full code.

```

> In this example, if you go to '/', `<h1>Layout</h1>` will not appear. But if you go to '/home', `<h1>Layout</h1>` will appear.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, `<h1>Layout</h1>` will be rendered along with each child route's `element` prop, via the layout route's [Outlet][outlet].
```

This updates the text to match the example change above.
